[docs] Clarifying that the list is a set of alternatives for producing apk with EAS Build (#19522)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build-reference/apk.mdx

### Managed projects

> By default, EAS Build produces Android App Bundle, you can change it by modifying the [eas.json](/build/eas-json.mdx) file by either:

Author: Cool, thanks. Looks good to me :-)

- setting `buildType` to `apk` or
- setting `developmentClient` to `true` or

> - setting `gradleCommand` to `:app:assembleRelease`, `:app:assembleDebug` or any other gradle command that produces APK

Author: Nice.

Should you offer suggestions about a preferred way to do it?

I guess this gets into a wider discussion of why there are 3 ways to do it in the first place ;-)

Which way is recommended?

> - setting `gradleCommand` to `:app:assembleRelease`, `:app:assembleDebug` or any other gradle command that produces APK

Reviewer: > Should you offer suggestions about a preferred way to do it?
I think, yes. It can also specify the `developmentClient` as the default way:

```markdown
- `developmentClient` to `true` (**default**)
```

> I guess this gets into a wider discussion of why there are 3 ways to do it in the first place ;-)

It was a design decision but that's a great point. I'll share your feedback on this and talk to the team as to why the design for generating APKs is this way. If there is a specific reason why there are multiple options, I think we can update this doc to reflect that.

> Which way is recommended?

For new Expo projects `developmentClient` is the recommend way since it is automatically added to **eas.json** file when `eas build:configure` command is run.

> - setting `gradleCommand` to `:app:assembleRelease`, `:app:assembleDebug` or any other gradle command that produces APK

Author: Perfect.

For example:

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json eas.json
```

Unrelated to this PR: adding the file name here to improve the example representation.

{
  "build": {

>     "preview1": {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "preview": {
```

For clarity, since the default **eas.json** already generates a `"preview"` profile, I think we should keep this to `"preview"`.

}
```

> Now, to run your build run `eas build -p android --profile preview1`. Remember that you can name the profile whatever you like; we named the profile `preview1`, but you could call it `local`, `simulator` or whatever makes most sense for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can run your build with `eas build -p android --profile preview`. Remember that you can name the profile whatever you like. We named the profile `"preview"`, but you can call it `"local"`, `"simulator"`, or whatever makes the most sense for you.
```

For clarity, let's also stick to the "preview" profile convention here.

Unrelated to this PR: Some grammatical suggestions and improving the flow of the first sentence.

Author: Agree with keeping `preview` over `preview1`.

Are you sure you want both ` and " around the label names? Looks a bit weird.

Reviewer: We genereally highlight the properties with inline code syntax. For example, see `runtimeVersion` property [here](https://docs.expo.dev/build-reference/app-versions/#limitations). I think this will be a nice improvement.

Author: Cool
